README.md, before:

# Color scheme
	
	Header text/ Horizontal Rule: #61892F
	Tag line and button text: #FFF
	Button background color: #86C232
	Main background color: #222629
	Alternate background color: #474B4F
	paragraph text: #6B6E70

# Fonts

    Open sans (semi-bold)
    roboto (reg)

# Images

	pinterest.co.uk/pin/149885493834865228/
	Home page hero:
	https://pixabay.com/illustrations/computer-sketching-working-2271010/	(Image by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/dizer-1604004/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=2271010">Orion Quest</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=2271010">Pixabay</a>)
    https://pixabay.com/photos/laptop-human-hands-keyboard-typing-820274/   (Image by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/fancycrave1-1115284/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=820274">fancycrave1</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=820274">Pixabay</a>)

# Icons

	Home SEO gauge:
		https://icon-library.com/icon/gauge-icon-23.html

    About Programming languages:

        <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/js" target="_blank">Js Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/vorillaz">Vorillaz</a> on <a href="https://iconscout.com">Iconscout</a>
        <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/html" target="_blank">Html Logo Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/jagathish">Jagathish Saravanan</a> on <a href="https://iconscout.com">Iconscout</a>
        <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/django" target="_blank">Django Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/icon-mafia">Icon Mafia</a> on <a href="https://iconscout.com">Iconscout</a>
        <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/mongodb" target="_blank">Mongodb Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/icon-mafia">Icon Mafia</a> on <a href="https://iconscout.com">Iconscout</a>
        <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/mysql" target="_blank">Mysql Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/icon-mafia" target="_blank">Icon Mafia</a>
        <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/heroku" target="_blank">Heroku Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/icon-mafia">Icon Mafia</a> on <a href="https://iconscout.com">Iconscout</a>
        <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/jasmine" target="_blank">Jasmine Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/icon-mafia">Icon Mafia</a> on <a href="https://iconscout.com">Iconscout</a>

    About Education:
        https://favpng.com (Code institute logo)

Commit message:

Blog app created and front end completed.

README.md, after:

# Color scheme
	
	Header text/ Horizontal Rule: #61892F
	Tag line and button text: #FFF
	Button background color: #86C232
	Main background color: #222629
	Alternate background color: #474B4F
	paragraph text: #6B6E70

# Fonts

    Open sans (semi-bold)
    roboto (reg)

# Images

	pinterest.co.uk/pin/149885493834865228/
	Home page hero:
	https://pixabay.com/illustrations/computer-sketching-working-2271010/	(Image by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/dizer-1604004/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=2271010">Orion Quest</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=2271010">Pixabay</a>)
    https://pixabay.com/photos/laptop-human-hands-keyboard-typing-820274/   (Image by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/fancycrave1-1115284/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=820274">fancycrave1</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=820274">Pixabay</a>)

    Blog:
        https://pixabay.com/photos/pencils-writing-write-blog-blogger-762555/
        Image by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/kaboompics-1013994/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=762555">Karolina Grabowska</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=762555">Pixabay</a> (Blog banner)
        https://pixabay.com/photos/mark-marker-hand-write-516279/#
        Image by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/geralt-9301/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=516279">Gerd Altmann</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=516279">Pixabay</a> (Solving Algorithms blog)


# Icons

	Home SEO gauge:
		https://icon-library.com/icon/gauge-icon-23.html

    About Programming languages:

        <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/js" target="_blank">Js Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/vorillaz">Vorillaz</a> on <a href="https://iconscout.com">Iconscout</a>
        <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/html" target="_blank">Html Logo Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/jagathish">Jagathish Saravanan</a> on <a href="https://iconscout.com">Iconscout</a>
        <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/django" target="_blank">Django Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/icon-mafia">Icon Mafia</a> on <a href="https://iconscout.com">Iconscout</a>
        <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/mongodb" target="_blank">Mongodb Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/icon-mafia">Icon Mafia</a> on <a href="https://iconscout.com">Iconscout</a>
        <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/mysql" target="_blank">Mysql Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/icon-mafia" target="_blank">Icon Mafia</a>
        <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/heroku" target="_blank">Heroku Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/icon-mafia">Icon Mafia</a> on <a href="https://iconscout.com">Iconscout</a>
        <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/jasmine" target="_blank">Jasmine Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/icon-mafia">Icon Mafia</a> on <a href="https://iconscout.com">Iconscout</a>

    About Education:
        https://favpng.com (Code institute logo)
